adds documentation for generated tl types (#109)
Lonami/grammers: lib/grammers-tl-types/DEPS.md

Used to parse the `.tl` files provided by Telegram's open source projects.

## serde

> used to parse json from docs generated based on scraped data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to load documentation for the definitions from a JSON file.
```

## serde_json

> used to parse json from docs generated based on scraped data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to load documentation for the definitions from a JSON file.
```
